README.md, before:

# Introduction to Machine Learning

Welcome to a very short course that covers introductory machine learning and some basic R coding. 

To get started make sure you have downloaded [R](https://www.r-project.org) and [Rstudio](https://rstudio.com).

Then, open up Rstudio and in the Console window type:
`install.packages(c('dplyr', 'readr', 'mlr', 'randomForest', 'h2o'))`

(If you have problems installing `h2o`, you might need a copy of [Java  JDK](https://www.oracle.com/ie/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html).

If all works well, you are now ready to start the course. Download all the files for the course by clicking [here](https://github.com/andrewcparnell/intro_to_ml/archive/master.zip). Unzip this file and then double click on the `Intro_to_ml.Rproj` file. You can now start coding!

Sessions:

 1. Introductory slides | [video forthcoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
 2. Introduction to ML part 1 | [video forthcoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
 3. Introduction to ML part 2 | [video forthcoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
 4. Introduction to ML part 3 | [video forthcoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
 5. Introduction to Rstudio | [stream video](https://media.heanet.ie/page/176fc0453b0542b386110c2bceee0e3b) | [download video](https://media.heanet.ie/download/176fc0453b0542b386110c2bceee0e3b) 
 6. More coding with `mlr` | [code](https://andrewcparnell.github.io/Rfternoon/2_learn_mlr.R) | [stream video](https://media.heanet.ie/page/54f0439f6e7644bd99c1c4ac82cee758) | [download video](https://media.heanet.ie/download/54f0439f6e7644bd99c1c4ac82cee758) 

You should watch the videos abovef first and then try to follow the code by downloading the software and running it youself whilst watching the videos.

Commit message:

Fixed typos in front page

README.md, after:

# Introduction to Machine Learning

Welcome to a very short course that covers introductory machine learning and some basic R coding. 

To get started make sure you have downloaded [R](https://www.r-project.org) and [Rstudio](https://rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/).

Then, open up Rstudio and in the Console window type:
`install.packages(c('dplyr', 'readr', 'mlr', 'randomForest', 'h2o'))`

If you have problems installing `h2o`, you might need a copy of [Java  JDK](https://www.oracle.com/ie/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html).

If all works well, you are now ready to start the course. Download all the files for the course by clicking [here](https://github.com/andrewcparnell/intro_to_ml/archive/master.zip). Unzip this file and then double click on the `Intro_to_ml.Rproj` file. You can now start coding!

All the slides for the course are available in pdf format [here](https://andrewcparnell.github.io/intro_to_ml/intro_to_ML_for_IForm.pdf)

Sessions:

 1. Introduction to ML part 1 | [video forthcoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
 2. Introduction to ML part 2 | [video forthcoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
 3. Introduction to ML part 3 | [video forthcoming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
 4. Introduction to Rstudio | [stream video](https://media.heanet.ie/page/176fc0453b0542b386110c2bceee0e3b) | [download video](https://media.heanet.ie/download/176fc0453b0542b386110c2bceee0e3b) 
 5. More coding with `mlr` | [code](https://andrewcparnell.github.io/Rfternoon/2_learn_mlr.R) | [stream video](https://media.heanet.ie/page/54f0439f6e7644bd99c1c4ac82cee758) | [download video](https://media.heanet.ie/download/54f0439f6e7644bd99c1c4ac82cee758) 

You should watch the videos abovef first and then try to follow the code by downloading the software and running it youself whilst watching the videos. 

If you run into problems or find broken links please use the [issues](https://github.com/andrewcparnell/intro_to_ml/issues) page.
